The other thing I notice here is that we still have this 100, right?
12 out of 100 question that is shown here.
So this is a hard coded number that we added earlier.
That's not what we want.
Let's see.
Go back.
This is out of 100.
This is what we added earlier, which is not what we want when we want to get in this case.
Want to get out of all questions that we have in our JASON payload.
How do we do that?
Of course, I know you can do this.
In fact, you can pause this video and try to do that.
All right.
So I hope you were able to do it.
Now, let's think a little bit about this.
So we understand in order for us to get the data in this case, the how many questions we have, how
many questions we have is just the size of our list.
So there are few ways to do this.
One of ways I'm going to do, I'm going to use our view model.
So can I go and save you moral questions if you model?
And here, because we have our data, we should have received our data at this point here because it
would initially go ahead and factually data and everything.
So this data here is a mutable state, but also contains these data or exception, which contains our
list of questions.
Right.
So I'm going to create a function at the bottom here.
Call get total question.
Count.
So this will just return and end, right?
And so I'm going to say return data and value.
I'm going to go invoke the actual data entry list and get to mutable list.
I need to do that and then get the site.
We're going to have some issues here because we need to make these nhlapo such that we go, there we
go.
So now, because we have our question, the model, we can go to our questions.
And you'll remember that we are also passing the view model into our question here.
This place that we have access, not a few models, so we can do that now can use it.
So inside of a final question tracker, here I have the counter move past that already now against a
say view model.
OK.
That get.
Tomorrow, question count like this.
And if you go ahead and run, we should get this will now change to a total question count.
And there we go.
We have zero out of four thousand eight hundred and seventy five questions.
Wow.
I will take you a little while to go through that.
Well, so.